how i grew my seo traffic by 300 through
translations and patience can you guess
how much of my traffic comes from the
united states well it's a whopping
14.53 percent whopping you're like
that's not that much and can you guess
what country drives most my traffic well
it isn't one
28.07 percent comes from brazil
13.52 percent comes from india 3.25
comes from united kingdom 2.63 comes
from germany and the list goes on and on
now you may think that most of my
traffic is junk because it's not from
the united states but that's not the
case my ad agency np digital does
marketing for companies globally and
some of the biggest startups and
companies are coming out of these other
regions for example newbank a publicly
traded brazilian fintech is valued at
roughly 18 billion on the new york stock
exchange walmart they bought the
majority in india's flip cart which is
their version of amazon for
16 billion dollars back in 2018.
there are countless examples of
successful companies that have come out
of regions outside of the united states
so intentionally we don't focus all of
our traffic on run region because at my
ad agency np digital we want to help
companies grow no matter what region
they're in and by generating traffic
from multiple countries it has allowed
us to grow super fast so fast that we're
the sixth fastest growing ad agency in
the world according to adweek so how do
we grow our traffic so faster seo well
let me break it down as well as how you
can do it too
first off use hreflane see ahrefling is
a way
in your code to tell search engines that
certain pages of your website are for
specific languages and country
that way search engines know what pages
to show up for specific users
without that you may have people going
to the wrong section of your site and
let's say you have some content in
spanish and some content english you
don't want some person who only speaks
spanish to read your english content
you're not really going to get any
conversions that's why you need to use
hreflang
here's an example of the href claim code
that you would place within the head
section of your website if you're
targeting people in mexico who speak
spanish
second i want you to pick regions that
you want to expand to fast we base our
expansions based on google ad spend in
different countries and the countries
with the most ad spend is typically the
regions we want to be because we're a
marketing agency if people are spending
money on google and facebook it usually
means they have money to spend at np
digital
you also may look at things like
population or gdp once you have a list
of countries that you want to target
prioritize them in order as it'll be a
lot of work to go after all the regions
at first so you want to pick one to
start off with maybe two or three if you
have a big budget
once you have the regions that you want
to target you then want to go to google
translate and type in some of your most
popular keywords that you want to target
in your primary language so for example
i target the term digital marketing when
i translate it from english right which
is what i would put into google
translate and ask them hey what's a
portuguese version it comes back with
marketing digital
you will then want to head to uber says
and type in these newly translated
keywords within uber says but don't
forget to select the correct language
and country in uber says before you
click that search button
you'll then get a laundry list of
keywords that you can potentially target
like this
third you want to start creating content
around these keywords and don't worry if
you don't speak the language that you're
trying to translate your content into
all you have to do is to go to sites
like upwork where you can hire writers
that speak your language as well as many
other languages that you're going after
and when they write content it's really
important that you provide them with the
keyword list don't force them to use all
of them because if it doesn't sound
natural the content is not going to do
well it just needs to be naturally
integrated but you're going to give them
these keywords so that way they have a
rough understanding of what to write the
content around
and the reason you want them to
translate and transcribe it is they
gotta adapt it to that local culture
fourth
post the content on your site and again
don't forget to put the href lane code
within your head file that way search
engine browsers know what page is for
what people and once the content is up
it's not enough you have to promote it
so take the same person that you hired
on upwork and have them do outreach for
links within that country so you would
take a few of your competitors within
those regions if you aren't sure who
they are just search for the translated
versions of those keywords on google and
it'll show you sites in those regions if
you put those urls into the backlink
report and uber suggests it'll show you
all the people who link to them
and then from there you'll want to send
emails explain to them why your content
is better why adds more value why they
should link to it in essence you need to
give them a good reason to link to you
if you're not better than the
competition they're probably not going
to take the time and effort to link to
you
and if you can't find the email address
of those site owners just use tools like
hunter.io when you can get those email
addresses for free and last but not
least i want you to promote the content
vap ads run a bit of facebook ads
linkedin ads or even google ads a
hundred dollars goes a long way and
it'll bring you more awareness within
those regions you combine all of that
and now your traffic will go drastically
within those regions
if you need help with your international
seo and you just want my team to do it
for you check out my ad agency np
digital if you also have any questions
leave a comment below i'm here to help
if you enjoy the video like it share it
tell people about it thank you very much